What are you going to do? Don't come over.
There is no one who is really not beautiful, they can only stop selling them.
If you are right, you will follow this Dayang Fire Dragon from now on.
Just die in this line of work and don’t care what you are.
I'll show you what I am in a moment.
Homeless money, Lao Ziyang,
As a person, you are not afraid of me telling you.
You are so tall, but I am the heart-throb of my father, Ma.
When the time comes, I will just let him save you from death first,
Teachable! I just like to see your determination.
Shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout,shout
Shouting, shouting, shouting, shouting, no one is coming to save you.
you are mine now
let that girl go
Let me die like a ghost
Blame Ben for his good deeds
Seeking death
you are nameless
How could you be here?